All this work dead now.
You notice that there is no way for us to really get rid of the keyboard.
Of course, you can click here and goes away.
But I want to be able to when I'm writing here, when we hit done or check mark down here, we want
to be able to get rid of our keyboard so we can focus on whatever else we have in there.
Well, luckily we can do that because we have our keyboard controller.
So when is that going to happen or when do we use this keyboard controller to hide our keyboard?
Well, that's going to happen right after I was submit button.
Or actually, I should say when the submit button is clicked.
So here, right after we have on done is sent via email and the passwords are sent over again, say
keyboard.
Controller and then not hide like this.
Of course, we have to go ahead and surround with Noel, check or replace with safe call like this.
And voila!
OK, now who run this?
And I put something gibberish there and there are gibberish.
Go ahead and say, log in.
Notice the moment we said, log in.
This goes away, which is exactly what we want.
All right.
So now we are going to look at the sign up, right logic.
So let me look, let me show you what that will look like.
So the sign up will be something like this.
So there are a few differences, but the main thing here is that we'll have the same structure.
So this is why we've set up things the way we've set up because we want to be able to check if the user
is clicking or the user in this case is trying to log in.
You notice the difference here.
Actually put this together side by side you see here, says new user.
Sign up, they click Sign up.
This should show, right?
And then it's going to also change to log in because in this case, they can revert back to log in screen.
So we're going to do this real quick so that we have this option here now.
We could have created a total different screen for each one of these.
But this is actually clever and the best way to do this, because then we can reuse these components
with these composable and show them on the same screen.
OK.
All right.
OK, let's go ahead and do this.
So inside of a reader, log in.
This is where we calling our user form.
And outside there, I'm just going to create a variable called show log in form, and it's going to
be a remember.
I can use this savable like this.
And get rid of all of that.
In this case, it's going to be a mutable state of.
And let's give it true first.
OK.
To say that in the beginning is going to be true to show the log in form.
Let's put this in one line.
They're now inside here.
Before we even at this point, we're just showing the user form, but again, we want to check to see
if we want to show the user form or not.
So I'm going to wrap all of this inside of if statement.
So if and show log in form, it's a mutable state song.
I say value.
If it's true, then I'm going to say, of course, this is going to be valid to show this show user
form.
And that's good.
OK.
And let me get rid of all of this for now, because we no longer need that.
We'll work later there.
All right.
So else if that's another case, meaning that the show log in for show lagging form is not true.
That means we want to show the, I'm going to say user form, but now we're going to pass a different
set of arguments.
First of all, the loading in this case, I'm going to say it's going to be false.
Right?
And then is create a count now is going to be true because we no longer we're going to be showing the.
The log in this is going to be create a council user, create account.
It's going to be true.
And then here, of course, we're going to have the same thing where we had there, so I'm going to
just copy all of that.
This is our trailing lambada.
OK, so here is what I'm going to do the work.
We're not there yet because we need to create, account, say to do create.
AFB for Firebase, I count this, and in our case here, we are going to also say to do half the logging
in AFB for Firebase, not Facebook.
Very good.
So we're still inside of all of our reader log in screen, so we still here, by the way.
So what do we need to do next?
Well, next, we're going to create this structure here.
Yes, because we want to give the users the chance to say, Well, if you can't log in because you don't
have an account, we can go ahead and sign up.
So it's created this, well, I'm going to go down.
So right outside of.
Our column, right, so right there, I'm going to put Errol.
Actually, sir, with a space service, I want to give some space between somebody's fire when I give
a height of about 15 dpi.
OK?
And then let's add a row.
So in this row here, I'm going to pass a modifier as well as a modifier modifier and give it padding,
and it's going to be about 15 dpi overall padding.
And let's say horizontal arrangement.
I want this to be center and vertical alignment.
I'm going to be also center vertically.
All right.
So we are going to create this structure there.
It's going to be a row because you have to text once it's user the I want, they sign up.
Now I'm going to say foul text here and this text is going to contain some values, depending on the
situation.
So you see, earlier it was showing you depending where we are.
All things considered, we can show sign up if we are talking about logging in because the user can
say, Well, I can't log in because I don't have a log in or I have an account.
In that case, I will have to create an account so they can go to sign up.
But if they are in the logging page, well, it is the same page or it is the same screen with just
swiping things here, the logic, right?
And so then they will have access to the log in because they want to go back to this logging because
they can't, right?
They already have an account.
OK, so that is the case.
So I'm going to put that in a variable.
The text that is put out instead of if statement and it will save show log in form, that value is true.
Well, in that case, the text we're going to add is going to say, sign up like this else.
Well, that means we going to see log in.
Next, I'm going to add a text here, and I'm going to say new user like this.
And they want to create another text that will then have our text that we passed at the top, this one.
OK.
And because they have the same name, I can just remove the argument name and this works.
Let's pass a modifier here.
We're going to make this, first of all, clickable, because remember, I want this to be clickable
so that when they click, they can go to the create account and vice versa.
That's the beauty here with a modifier, we can make anything clickable.
So when this is clickable, what we want to do, we actually want to change the value of our show log
in form because that is what is going to determined whether or not we want to show this or this.
Does it make sense?
OK, we'll see that someone said show log in form and remember.
Let's go.
So again, show log in for me.
See, this is a mutable state.
We did this on purpose because we wanted to have that state and we can then pass it around.
And then the composable is going to react, right?
Recompose, according to this new state.
All right.
So show log form that value.
We're going to toggle it right between true and false.
So we put the exclamation point and then show log in form value again
section.
So you click it first time it's going to, if it sign up, are going to change to log in if you click
back.
It's going to change to sign up.
And while that happens, we can also check obviously later to see what is the value of show logging.
And in fact, we've done that already.
So we have this logic here.
If this true the show log in, then we know that we need to, then we know we need to log in the user.
Else we're going to show that form, but we're going to have some things that are different and we are
going to create the user.
OK, so let's pass it padding and start on about five dpi.
So I'm going to give this padding from left to right.
Give that space there and fight.
Wait, Seybold.
And passing a color material theme colors and let's say, secondary variant.
OK.
All right, let's see if our logic works because we have been working for a little bit.
Let's run this.
OK, there go our entry.
And voila!
This is very nice.
Looks good.
Now if I click on, sign up.
Aha, you see, it's changed the create account.
If I go back to log in, then it's going to change the log.
This is good, right?
Because now we are in log in page per se.
That means the user can log in, right?
But if they realize I can't log in because I don't have an account, they can go ahead and sign up and
we change the button to create a account, which means then whatever happens here, it's going to be
taken for creating an account.
Now to finalize also notice we have this text that we need to add as well, depending on the situation.
So when we creating account, we do have this text here.
Let's go ahead and add that text before we move forward.
So inside of our user form, because this text is going to be attached to the user form, right?
Let's go and add.
So in our column?
Here, right on top.
I'm going to say if.
Is Create account is true, then the text that I'm going to show you here now, I can add the text directly,
but I can also add all of that in our resources so I can say resource string a resource such in past
aid and when they are God.
Strains that in this case, I probably have to import to the R class, so have access to the resources.
And this add apt name.
But that's not where we want, but there it is.
Let's go ahead and click and here I'm going to actually create another string.
Remember, here is the strings that smell.
This is where you want to add all the strings that will be part of your application.
So it's a really good idea because then if you want, for instance, to create a different version of
these strings in four different languages, it's easier to have in one place.
So this is the recommended wait on the string and then the name here is going to be,
as you say, create a city like this and I have the text and it's going to say something like.
Please enter a valid email and password.
That is.
At least.
Six characters are S. So now they have it in our string that accept mail.
By the way, all of that is actually down here.
If you go to resources, you go to values, go to strings SML example.
So now in here, I can go ahead and get that string, which is create a account, I believe.
Yeah, great act like that.
It's much easier this way and cleaner.
And so I can pass a style while it's actually passing modifier here.
All right, at fire, I'm going to give it padding around over about four dpi.
OK, so if that's the case, this is the tax we're going to show else else.
I'm just going to have a text that is empty like this.
So the idea is that if we are in the create account, we're going to see this message.
Otherwise, it's just going to not have anything.
OK.
All right, let's go ahead and run this quick so we can see the fruits of our work.
Ha ha.
Looks like we have some issues here.
Looks like right here we are.
Log in.
Yes, because we're using some of the.
Experimental compose uses, so it requires us to add that as well, so I'm going to add that to the
reader in navigation altogether, so we can see that is out of there.
So that's what's needed and we're going to run again.
Hopefully now things should work.
Yes, we need to do that again, because everywhere you call a composable that require that experimental
compose you are, you would need to pass that along, which is a little bit annoying if you ask me,
because we should just be able to call it once and be good.
But that's what we have right now.
So we just have to deal with it.
It's fine again.
Hopefully, this time should be good.
Yes, we have.
This is what I'm talking about.
All right, let's do that again.
Thank you.
Google, let's add this to the main activity as such and this one one more time.
OK, it looks like this time will should be good.
And there you have it, that nice animation, and voila.
Good.
OK, let's see if this works, so sign up wildlife.
Please enter a valid email and password.
Eight At least six characters I could log in and I see nothing.
Now, look how wonderful this is, so you remember earlier we actually added this form inside of a scrollable,
because exactly this depending on how things are set up, we say that this area here, we added, gave
it a certain height.
Now the moment that we add more than what we want, more than more than what this area can take, it
gives us that squirrel ability.
So this is very helpful, especially if we have more information.
So now use users can scroll up and see.
Of course, it looks a little tacky in our case here because it doesn't really make much sense or it
looks just terrible.
But if you had more, say more feel that he had to deal with and so forth, so you can see that this
will be very helpful, OK?
So just wanted to point that one out.
But yes, things are working and this is very nice.
So the main idea here to take away is that we could have created different pages or different screens,
but that's just not necessary because we were using all of our composable, which is exactly what do
you need to be doing?
You can't reuse your code, so you don't have to repeat yourself.
Right?
So this is really nice because now, depending on the situation, if I go back to my code, I will know
exactly what need to happen, what needs to happen.
Let's go to reader login screen where we call it.
Here is where the magic happens.
So now, depending on who's situation, whether the login form is true, that is being shown, we're
going to go ahead and write the code that will log in the user.
Otherwise, this person is actually wanting to create an account.
So we're going to write a code to create that account.
All of that using this same form.
How cool is that?
You should be very happy and excited because you've just created something that is very useful and I'm
happy for you.
All right, thank you.
I'll see you next.